docs: add webpush related troubleshooting steps (#2170)
Fallenbagel/jellyseerr: docs/troubleshooting.mdx

This process should restore your admin privileges while preserving your settings.

## Failed to enable web push notifications

### Option 1: You are using pihole

> When using pihole, you need to whitelist the proper domains in order for the queries to not be intercepted and blocked by pihole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Pi-hole, you need to whitelist the proper domains in order for the queries to not be intercepted and blocked by Pi-hole.
```

If you are using a chromium based browser (eg: Chrome, Brave, Edge...), the domain you need to whitelist is `fcm.googleapis.com`
If you are using Firefox, the domain you need to whitelist is `push.services.mozilla.com`

> 1. Log into your pihole through the admin interface, then click on Domains situated under GROUP MANAGEMENT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into your Pi-hole through the admin interface, then click on Domains situated under GROUP MANAGEMENT.
```
